Create Bug/Feature report and PR template (#546)
saros-project/saros: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: 'State: Unconfirmed, Type: Feature'
assignees: m273d15

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**

> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. E.g. I'm always frustrated when [...]
```
